[DOCS-6430] Update ASM Serverless compatibility matrix (#20227)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/enabling/compatibility/serverless.md

code_lang_weight: 90
---

ASM provides serverless capability for the following platforms and libraries:

{{< partial name="security-platform/appsec-libraries-serverless.html" >}}</br>

## AWS Lambda
**Note**: Threat Protection through Remote Configuration is not supported. Use [Workflows][5] to block IPs in your [WAF][6].
  
|Type           	| Threat Detection	|  Vulnerability Management for OSS	| Vulnerability Management for Code-Level 	|
| ---  		|   ---             		|           ----           			|           ----            				|
| Java  		| {{< X >}}         	| 	                			|						|
| .NET    	| {{< X >}}         	|  	                          		|						|
| Node 		| {{< X >}}     		| beta	              			|						|
| Python   	| {{< X >}}         	| beta                 			|						|
| Ruby   	| {{< X >}}         	|  	                 			|						|
| PHP   	| 		        	|	            			|						|
| Go   		| {{< X >}}         	| 	               			|						|

### Supported trigger types

> ASM Threat Detection supports HTTP requests as function input only, as it is the highest likelihood of attackers exploiting a serverless application. HTTP requests typically come from AWS services such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASM Threat Detection supports HTTP requests as function input only, as that channel has the highest likelihood of attackers exploiting a serverless application. HTTP requests typically come from AWS services such as:
```

- Application Load Balancer (ALB)
- API Gateway v1 (Rest API)
- API Gateway v2 (HTTP API)
- Function URL

> <div class="alert alert-info">If you would like to see support added for any of the unsupported capabilities, let us know! Fill out <a href="https://forms.gle/gHrxGQMEnAobukfn7">this short form to send details</a>.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">If you would like to see support added for any of the unsupported capabilities, fill out this <a href="https://forms.gle/gHrxGQMEnAobukfn7">form</a> to send feedback.</div>
```

| ---  		|   ---             		|           ----           			|           ----            				|
| Java  		| {{< X >}}         	| 	                			|						|
| .NET    	| {{< X >}}         	|  	                          		|						|
| Node 		| {{< X >}}     		| beta	              			|						|
| Python   	| {{< X >}}         	| beta                 			|						|
| Ruby   	| {{< X >}}         	|  	                 			|						|
| PHP   	| 		        	|	            			|						|
| Go   		| {{< X >}}         	| 	               			|						|

#### Supported trigger types
ASM Threat Detection supports HTTP requests as function input only, as it is the highest likelihood of attackers exploiting a serverless application. HTTP requests typically come from AWS services such as:
- Application Load Balancer (ALB)
- API Gateway v1 (Rest API)
- API Gateway v2 (HTTP API)
- Function URL

<div class="alert alert-info">If you would like to see support added for any of the unsupported capabilities, let us know! Fill out <a href="https://forms.gle/gHrxGQMEnAobukfn7">this short form to send details</a>.</div>

> Get started with ASM monitored on your services →

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get started with ASM monitoring on your services →
```

Reviewer 3: I elected just to remove this sentence as it seemed redundant

.NET
: 

## Google Cloud Run

<div class="alert alert-info">Google Cloud Run support for ASM serverless is in beta</a>.</div>

**Note**: Threat Protection through Remote Configuration is not supported. Use [Workflows][5] to block IPs in your [WAF][6].
   
|Type           	| Threat Detection	|  Vulnerability Management for OSS	| Vulnerability Management for Code-Level 	|
| ---  		|   ---             		|           ----           			|           ----            				|
| Java  		| beta         	| 	                			|						|
| .NET    	| beta         	|  	                          		|						|
| Node 		| beta     		| beta	              			|						|
| Python   	| beta         	| beta                 			|						|
| Ruby   	| beta         	|  	                 			|						|
| PHP   	| 		        	|	            			|						|
| Go   		| beta         	| 	               			|						|

## Azure App Service

> Only *web applications* are supported, Azure Functions are not supported with ASM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only *web applications* are supported. Azure Functions are not supported with ASM.
```

.NET
: 

### Google Cloud Run
Notes
- Google Cloud Run support is in public beta for ASM 
- Threat Protection via Remote Config is not supported. However you can use Workflows to block IPs in your WAF instead
   
|Type           	| Threat Detection	|  Vulnerability Management for OSS	| Vulnerability Management for Code-Level 	|
| ---  		|   ---             		|           ----           			|           ----            				|
| Java  		| beta         	| 	                			|						|
| .NET    	| beta         	|  	                          		|						|
| Node 		| beta     		| beta	              			|						|
| Python   	| beta         	| beta                 			|						|
| Ruby   	| beta         	|  	                 			|						|
| PHP   	| 		        	|	            			|						|
| Go   		| beta         	| 	               			|						|

> Get started with ASM monitored on your services →

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get started with ASM monitoring on your services →
```

Reviewer 3: same with this one, removed this sentence here
